Feature/crowdin bestpracttice (#6211)
TYPO3-Documentation/TYPO3CMS-Reference-CoreApi: Documentation/ApiOverview/Localization/TranslationServer/Crowdin/Bestpractice.rst

- **Process**:
    - Open project dashboard → select language → choose files to translate.
    - Options: Translate all files or single file.
- Recommended View: “Comfortable” Editor View for better overview and tools.

Editor Features
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

- Shows source text, TM suggestions, comments, and string status.
- Includes filtering, search, glossary, and TM access.
- Keyboard shortcuts available for efficiency.

Glossary
~~~~~~~~

- Ensures consistent terminology across projects.
- TYPO3 has a shared glossary (e.g., TypoScript, TsConfig, Cache).
 Contributors can add or improve terms in Crowdin.

Translation Memory (TM)
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

- Stores approved translations for reuse.
- Saves time and ensures consistency.
- TYPO3 has a shared TM that grows over time.
- Avoid mixing similar but different phrases to maintain quality.

Collaboration
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

- Use Slack channels:
    - **TYPO3 translations**: Questions and issues.
    - **TYPO3 localization team**: Process and coordination.
- Share experiences and tips for better results.

The daily work
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

- Skip difficult strings and return later.

> - Do **not** translate placeholders in curly brackets (e.g., {@viewPortLabel}).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Do **not** translate placeholders in curly brackets (for example {@viewPortLabel}).
```
